---
title: Beginner to Advance SQL
date: 2024-04-21 00:00:00 +0800
categories: [SQL, Advance SQL]
tags: [SQL, DATABRICKS, SQL SERVER]
math: True
---


``` SQL Server is a relational database management system (RDBMS) developed and marketed by Microsoft. As a database server, the primary function of the SQL Server is to store and retrieve data used by other applications.

## - SQL Server Basics  
    - The SQL server basics section shows you how to use the Transact-SQL (T-SQL) to interact with SQL Server databases. You will learn how to manipulate data from the database such as querying, inserting, updating, and deleting data.
## - SQL Server Views  
    - This section introduces you to the SQL Server views and discusses the advantage and disadvantages of the database views. You will learn everything you need to know to manipulate views effectively in SQL Server.
## - SQL Server Indexes  
    - In this section, you will learn everything you need to know about the SQL Server indexes to come up with a good index strategy and optimize your queries.
## - SQL Server Stored Procedures  
    - This section introduces you to the SQL Server stored procedures. After completing the section, you will be able to develop complex stored procedures using Transact-SQL constructs.
## - SQL Server User-defined Functions  
    - In this section, you will learn about SQL Server user-defined functions including scalar-valued functions and table-valued functions to simplify your development.
## - SQL Server Triggers 
    - SQL Server triggers are special stored procedures that are executed automatically in response to the database object, database, and server events




